---
layout: post
title: "what"
date: 2024-05-09
---

here i am i am here. where do i find me, can i dig myself up, climb up a vine that's buried under ground. dig dig down, step up like on each leaf. i'll meet myself. what would i say. hi. hi. and laugh.

<br />here i am back at the origins of my self expression and limitless freedom. typing away in the familiar courier new font. each line a newer version of note pad. i have to enter each space. b r b r brrrr slash carrot

<br />i've been so pained. i've inflicted pain on my self and others. i hope i can come back from it. will i be ok. am i ok. i guess im ok. at least im trying.

<br />the lightness of being high. i love that. laughing at nothing, absurdity or nothing. is life heavy or is life just insignificant. is lightness a value i carry? i guess so. pain is just what my body knows, recreates, endures. can i make sense of pain? or can i just laugh it away? i choose to laugh my discomfort, create an instaneous relief, and cry in private, carry the weight.

<br />loyalty. i grasp and stay and endure. even if it doesn't benefit myself. maybe i need to learn to let go sometimes. when to stop enduring, or maybe not create a situation in which endurance is needed. but i love loyalt because it feels safe and solid. the loyalty i am lucky to feel right now is being surrounded by security and stability and evenness. i guess i need to choose my loyalty to those who feel safe and not provide it automatically.

<br />thoughtfulness. i thought i did not care about intelligence, and i dont know if i do because i do not think about myself as intelligent despite what hoops i've lept through to parade as such. i am proud of my thoughtfulness, which is related to my caring and seriousness in which i approach my work.

<br />forgiveness. do i forgive or do i forget. today i tried my best to forgive and seek amends. i think i try my best to forgive as holding on just bears more pain and hatred. i feel like sometimes my forgiveness more so enables me to feel deserving of pain. is that true forgiveness? 

<br />ownership and responsibility. to be seen is to own your actions. to hide in shame is to disavow and externalize. i struggle with owning myself totally, seeing my failures in whole and my successes in whole. do i want to be seen? what do i fear? is to be seen to be a target for pain? is that what my brain connects.
